README.md, before:

# tailwindcss-logical

![build](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/workflows/build/badge.svg)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/tailwindcss-logical.svg)](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/releases)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/tailwindcss-logical.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tailwindcss)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/tailwindcss-logical.svg)](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)

A [CSS Logical Properties and Values](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-logical-1/) plugin for
[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com), compatible with Tailwind v3. For compatibility with Tailwind v2 and v1.2.0+,
please use version v2.0.0 of this plugin.

**Note: [Tailwind CSS added official support for Logical Properties in v3.3 on March 28, 2023.](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/tailwindcss-v3-3#simplified-rtl-support-with-logical-properties)
It is recommended to try the update and see if that is sufficient for your needs before using this plugin.**

## Demo

View the [demo page](https://stevecochrane.github.io/tailwindcss-logical/) for a visual walkthrough, or read on to get
started.

## Usage

Install [tailwindcss-logical](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tailwindcss-logical) as a dependency of your project:

```bash
npm install tailwindcss-logical --save-dev
```

Register tailwindcss-logical in the `plugins` section of your Tailwind config file:

```js
// tailwind.config.js
module.exports = {
  plugins: [
    require('tailwindcss-logical')
  ]
}
```

Before Tailwind v3 it was necessary to add the variants you needed for tailwindcss-logical to `variants.logical` in
your Tailwind config file, but now this is no longer necessary.

## What are CSS Logical Properties and Values?

In short, CSS Logical Properties and Values extend CSS for easier development when working with non-LTR (left-to-right)
languages. For example, let's say you want to add padding before the start of a paragraph of text. For English, which
is LTR, you would do this:

```css
.lead-paragraph { padding-left: 1rem; }
```

However, for Farsi, which reads right-to-left, that would cause the padding to be at the end of the text rather than
the beginning, so you would have to do something like this to cover both cases:

```css
.lead-paragraph { padding-left: 1rem; }
html[dir="rtl"] .lead-paragraph { padding-left: 0; padding-right: 1rem; }
```

CSS Logical Properties and Values simplifies this by abstracting away the specific directions. The above example
becomes this:

```css
.lead-paragraph { padding-inline-start: 1rem; }
```

With one style, the padding is applied as intended for either language. For more about CSS Logical Properties and
Values, see [Building Multi-Directional Layouts](https://css-tricks.com/building-multi-directional-layouts/) by Ahmad
El-Alfy.

## What's Included

### Flow-relative Values for `float` and `clear`

```css
.float-start { float: inline-start; }
.float-end { float: inline-end; }
.clear-start { clear: inline-start; }
.clear-end { clear: inline-end; }
```

### Flow-relative Values for `text-align`

```css
.text-start { text-align: start; }
.text-end { text-align: end; }
```

### Flow-relative Values for `resize`

```css
.resize-block { resize: block; }
.resize-inline { resize: inline; }
```

### Flow-relative Longhands for `overscroll-behavior`

```css
.overscroll-b-auto { overscroll-behavior-block: auto; }
.overscroll-b-contain { overscroll-behavior-block: contain; }
.overscroll-b-none { overscroll-behavior-block: none; }
.overscroll-i-auto { overscroll-behavior-inline: auto; }
.overscroll-i-contain { overscroll-behavior-inline: contain; }
.overscroll-i-none { overscroll-behavior-inline: none; }
```

### Logical Height and Logical Width

Utilities are generated for the `block-size`, `inline-size`, `min-block-size`, `min-inline-size`, `max-block-size`, and
`max-inline-size` properties. These match the values in your `height`, `width`, `min-height`, `min-width`,
`max-height`, and `max-width` config objects, respectively.

```css
.bs-1 { block-size: 0.25rem; }
.is-1 { inline-size: 0.25rem; }
.min-bs-0 { min-block-size: 0; }
.min-is-0 { min-inline-size: 0; }
.max-bs-full { max-block-size: 100%; }
.max-is-full { max-inline-size: 100%; }
```

### Flow-relative Margins

Utilities are generated for the `margin-block-start`, `margin-block-end`, `margin-inline-start`, and
`margin-inline-end` properties, as well as for the shorthand properties `margin-block` and `margin-inline`. These match
the values in your `margin` config object.

```css
.mlb-1 { margin-block: 0.25rem; }
.mli-1 { margin-inline: 0.25rem; }
.mbs-1 { margin-block-start: 0.25rem; }
.mbe-1 { margin-block-end: 0.25rem; }
.mis-1 { margin-inline-start: 0.25rem; }
.mie-1 { margin-inline-end: 0.25rem; }
```

### Flow-relative Padding

Utilities are generated for the `padding-block-start`, `padding-block-end`, `padding-inline-start`, and
`padding-inline-end` properties, as well as for the shorthand properties `padding-block` and `padding-end`. These match
the values in your `padding` config object.

```css
.plb-1 { padding-block: 0.25rem; }
.pli-1 { padding-inline: 0.25rem; }
.pbs-1 { padding-block-start: 0.25rem; }
.pbe-1 { padding-block-end: 0.25rem; }
.pis-1 { padding-inline-start: 0.25rem; }
.pie-1 { padding-inline-end: 0.25rem; }
```

### Flow-relative Space Between

Flow-relative utilities are generated for the Tailwind-specific [Space Between](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/space).
These match the values in your `space` config object. All of the usual positive and negative values plus
`.space-b-reverse` and `.space-i-reverse` utilities are generated.

```css
.space-b-1 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
  --tw-space-b-reverse: 0;
  margin-block-start: calc(0.25rem * calc(1 - var(--tw-space-b-reverse)));
  margin-block-end: calc(0.25rem * var(--tw-space-b-reverse))
}

.space-i-1 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
  --tw-space-i-reverse: 0;
  margin-inline-start: calc(0.25rem * calc(1 - var(--tw-space-i-reverse)));
  margin-inline-end: calc(0.25rem * var(--tw-space-i-reverse))
}
```

### Flow-relative Offsets (`top` / `right` / `bottom` / `left`)

Utilities are generated for the `inset-block-start`, `inset-block-end`, `inset-inline-start`, and
`inset-inline-end` properties, as well as for the shorthand properties `inset-block` and `inset-inline`. These match
the values in your `inset` config object.

```css
.inset-block-0 { inset-block: 0; }
.inset-inline-0 { inset-inline: 0; }
.block-start-0 { inset-block-start: 0; }
.block-end-0 { inset-block-end: 0; }
.inline-start-0 { inset-inline-start: 0; }
.inline-end-0 { inset-inline-end: 0; }
```

### Flow-relative Border Widths

Utilities are generated for the `border-block-width`, `border-inline-width`, `border-block-start-width`,
`border-block-end-width`, `border-inline-start-width`, and `border-inline-end-width` properties. These match the values
in your `borderWidth` config object.

```css
.border-lb-2 { border-block-width: 2px; }
.border-li-2 { border-inline-width: 2px; }
.border-bs-2 { border-block-start-width: 2px; }
.border-be-2 { border-block-end-width: 2px; }
.border-is-2 { border-inline-start-width: 2px; }
.border-ie-2 { border-inline-end-width: 2px; }
```

### Flow-relative Border Colors

Utilities are generated for the `border-block-color`, `border-inline-color`, `border-block-start-color`,
`border-block-end-color`, `border-inline-start-color`, and `border-inline-end-color` properties. These match the values
in your `borderColor` config object.

```css
.border-lb-black { border-block-color: #000; }
.border-li-black { border-inline-color: #000; }
.border-bs-black { border-block-start-color: #000; }
.border-be-black { border-block-end-color: #000; }
.border-is-black { border-inline-start-color: #000; }
.border-ie-black { border-inline-end-color: #000; }
```

### Flow-relative Divide Width

Flow-relative utilities are generated for the Tailwind-specific
[Divide Width](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/divide-width). These match the values in your `divideWidth` config object.
All of the usual values plus `.divide-b`, `.divide-i`, `.divide-b-reverse` and `.divide-i-reverse` utilities are
generated.

```css
.divide-b-2 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
  --tw-divide-b-reverse: 0;
  border-block-start-width: calc(2px * calc(1 - var(--tw-divide-b-reverse)));
  border-block-end-width: calc(2px * var(--tw-divide-b-reverse))
}

.divide-i-2 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
  --tw-divide-i-reverse: 0;
  border-inline-start-width: calc(2px * calc(1 - var(--tw-divide-i-reverse)));
  border-inline-end-width: calc(2px * var(--tw-divide-i-reverse))
}
```

### Flow-relative Corner Rounding (`border-radius`)

Utility classes are generated for the `border-start-start-radius`, `border-start-end-radius`,
`border-end-start-radius`, and `border-end-end-radius` properties for rounding individual corners. There are also
shorthand utilities for rounding a side of an element. These match the values in your `borderRadius` config object.

```css
.rounded-bs-md {
  border-start-start-radius: 0.375rem;
  border-start-end-radius: 0.375rem;
}

.rounded-be-md {
  border-end-start-radius: 0.375rem;
  border-end-end-radius: 0.375rem;
}

.rounded-is-md {
  border-start-start-radius: 0.375rem;
  border-end-start-radius: 0.375rem;
}

.rounded-ie-md {
  border-start-end-radius: 0.375rem;
  border-end-end-radius: 0.375rem;
}

.rounded-ss-md { border-start-start-radius: 0.375rem; }
.rounded-se-md { border-start-end-radius: 0.375rem; }
.rounded-es-md { border-end-start-radius: 0.375rem; }
.rounded-ee-md { border-end-end-radius: 0.375rem; }
```

## What's Not Included

While everything in the [CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-logical-1/)
specification has been evaluated and most features are supported, this plugin does not generate utilities for
everything. If something does not have a non-logical equivalent in Tailwind's defaults, it is not supported.

* Logical Values for the `caption-side` property: Tailwind does not have `caption-side` utilities.
* Flow-relative Border Styles: Tailwind only has `border-style` utilities for all sides of an element at once.

As for other logical properties and values from outside of the main specification:

* Flow-relative Overflow properties `overflow-block` and `overflow-inline`: while Tailwind does support `overflow`,
  this plugin does not support `overflow-block` or `overflow-inline` yet, due to a lack of browser support and
  polyfills. As of December 2021,
  [only Firefox supports them](https://caniuse.com/mdn-css_properties_overflow-block), and as far as I can
  tell there are no polyfills available. (Neither postcss-preset-env nor postcss-logical apply any transformations on
  these properties.)

If there are any notable omissions that you think should be supported, please
[file an issue](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/issues) and let me know.

## Browser Compatibility

Browser support for CSS Logical Properties and Values has come a long way in 2021. Nearly all of the utilities provided
with this plugin now have widespread support across major browsers: Edge, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Safari for iOS, and
Chrome for Android included. Some exceptions are
[flow-relative `resize`](https://caniuse.com/mdn-css_properties_resize_flow_relative_support),
[flow-relative `float`](https://caniuse.com/mdn-css_properties_float_flow_relative_values), and
[flow-relative `overscroll-behavior`](https://caniuse.com/mdn-css_properties_overscroll-behavior-block), and none of
the logical properties and values are supported in Internet Explorer 11.

If some utilities don't seem to work correctly, be sure to check [Can I use...](https://caniuse.com/) to see if that
property or value is supported by your browser. Relevant Can I use... links for each set of utilities are included in
the [demo page](https://stevecochrane.github.io/tailwindcss-logical/).

If better browser support is required, you can use [PostCSS](https://postcss.org) to improve compatibility. Here are
two possible solutions:

1. [postcss-preset-env](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-preset-env) set to `stage: 2` or lower
2. [postcss-logical](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-logical) followed by
[postcss-dir-pseudo-class](https://github.com/jonathantneal/postcss-dir-pseudo-class)

If you take your output styles from Tailwind and run them through either of the above, your logical properties and
values will be converted to attribute selectors that any browser can understand.

```css
/* Default */
.float-start { float: inline-start; }

/* With postcss-preset-env, or postcss-logical and postcss-dir-pseudo-class applied */
[dir="ltr"] .float-start { float: left; }
[dir="rtl"] .float-start { float: right; }
```

This process is used for this project's
[demo page](https://stevecochrane.github.io/tailwindcss-logical/), and for a look at how
that is configured for PostCSS, check out the demo's
[postcss.config.js](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/blob/main/docs/postcss.config.js) file.

## Roadmap

At this point I consider this plugin feature complete, but I will continue to monitor official specifications, as well
as Tailwind itself, and update this plugin accordingly when anything changes.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute, pull requests are totally welcome, though I recommend starting by
[filing an issue](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/issues).

1. Fork the project
2. Check out a feature branch (e.g. `git checkout -b feature-foo-bar`)
3. Commit changes (e.g. `git commit -am 'Add foo bar'`)
4. Push the branch (e.g. `git push origin feature-foo-bar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Contact

Steve Cochrane (steve@stevecochrane.com)

Commit message:

Clarify that Tailwind update does not include all Logical Properties and Values

README.md, after:

# tailwindcss-logical

![build](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/workflows/build/badge.svg)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/tailwindcss-logical.svg)](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/releases)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/tailwindcss-logical.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tailwindcss)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/tailwindcss-logical.svg)](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)

A [CSS Logical Properties and Values](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-logical-1/) plugin for
[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com), compatible with Tailwind v3. For compatibility with Tailwind v2 and v1.2.0+,
please use version v2.0.0 of this plugin.

**Note: [Tailwind CSS added official support for some of the most commonly-used Logical Properties and Values with v3.3.0 on March 28, 2023.](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/tailwindcss-v3-3#simplified-rtl-support-with-logical-properties)
We recommend trying the update to see if is is sufficient for your needs before using this plugin.**

## Demo

View the [demo page](https://stevecochrane.github.io/tailwindcss-logical/) for a visual walkthrough, or read on to get
started.

## Usage

Install [tailwindcss-logical](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tailwindcss-logical) as a dependency of your project:

```bash
npm install tailwindcss-logical --save-dev
```

Register tailwindcss-logical in the `plugins` section of your Tailwind config file:

```js
// tailwind.config.js
module.exports = {
  plugins: [
    require('tailwindcss-logical')
  ]
}
```

Before Tailwind v3 it was necessary to add the variants you needed for tailwindcss-logical to `variants.logical` in
your Tailwind config file, but now this is no longer necessary.

## What are CSS Logical Properties and Values?

In short, CSS Logical Properties and Values extend CSS for easier development when working with non-LTR (left-to-right)
languages. For example, let's say you want to add padding before the start of a paragraph of text. For English, which
is LTR, you would do this:

```css
.lead-paragraph { padding-left: 1rem; }
```

However, for Farsi, which reads right-to-left, that would cause the padding to be at the end of the text rather than
the beginning, so you would have to do something like this to cover both cases:

```css
.lead-paragraph { padding-left: 1rem; }
html[dir="rtl"] .lead-paragraph { padding-left: 0; padding-right: 1rem; }
```

CSS Logical Properties and Values simplifies this by abstracting away the specific directions. The above example
becomes this:

```css
.lead-paragraph { padding-inline-start: 1rem; }
```

With one style, the padding is applied as intended for either language. For more about CSS Logical Properties and
Values, see [Building Multi-Directional Layouts](https://css-tricks.com/building-multi-directional-layouts/) by Ahmad
El-Alfy.

## What's Included

### Flow-relative Values for `float` and `clear`

```css
.float-start { float: inline-start; }
.float-end { float: inline-end; }
.clear-start { clear: inline-start; }
.clear-end { clear: inline-end; }
```

### Flow-relative Values for `text-align`

```css
.text-start { text-align: start; }
.text-end { text-align: end; }
```

### Flow-relative Values for `resize`

```css
.resize-block { resize: block; }
.resize-inline { resize: inline; }
```

### Flow-relative Longhands for `overscroll-behavior`

```css
.overscroll-b-auto { overscroll-behavior-block: auto; }
.overscroll-b-contain { overscroll-behavior-block: contain; }
.overscroll-b-none { overscroll-behavior-block: none; }
.overscroll-i-auto { overscroll-behavior-inline: auto; }
.overscroll-i-contain { overscroll-behavior-inline: contain; }
.overscroll-i-none { overscroll-behavior-inline: none; }
```

### Logical Height and Logical Width

Utilities are generated for the `block-size`, `inline-size`, `min-block-size`, `min-inline-size`, `max-block-size`, and
`max-inline-size` properties. These match the values in your `height`, `width`, `min-height`, `min-width`,
`max-height`, and `max-width` config objects, respectively.

```css
.bs-1 { block-size: 0.25rem; }
.is-1 { inline-size: 0.25rem; }
.min-bs-0 { min-block-size: 0; }
.min-is-0 { min-inline-size: 0; }
.max-bs-full { max-block-size: 100%; }
.max-is-full { max-inline-size: 100%; }
```

### Flow-relative Margins

Utilities are generated for the `margin-block-start`, `margin-block-end`, `margin-inline-start`, and
`margin-inline-end` properties, as well as for the shorthand properties `margin-block` and `margin-inline`. These match
the values in your `margin` config object.

```css
.mlb-1 { margin-block: 0.25rem; }
.mli-1 { margin-inline: 0.25rem; }
.mbs-1 { margin-block-start: 0.25rem; }
.mbe-1 { margin-block-end: 0.25rem; }
.mis-1 { margin-inline-start: 0.25rem; }
.mie-1 { margin-inline-end: 0.25rem; }
```

### Flow-relative Padding

Utilities are generated for the `padding-block-start`, `padding-block-end`, `padding-inline-start`, and
`padding-inline-end` properties, as well as for the shorthand properties `padding-block` and `padding-end`. These match
the values in your `padding` config object.

```css
.plb-1 { padding-block: 0.25rem; }
.pli-1 { padding-inline: 0.25rem; }
.pbs-1 { padding-block-start: 0.25rem; }
.pbe-1 { padding-block-end: 0.25rem; }
.pis-1 { padding-inline-start: 0.25rem; }
.pie-1 { padding-inline-end: 0.25rem; }
```

### Flow-relative Space Between

Flow-relative utilities are generated for the Tailwind-specific [Space Between](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/space).
These match the values in your `space` config object. All of the usual positive and negative values plus
`.space-b-reverse` and `.space-i-reverse` utilities are generated.

```css
.space-b-1 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
  --tw-space-b-reverse: 0;
  margin-block-start: calc(0.25rem * calc(1 - var(--tw-space-b-reverse)));
  margin-block-end: calc(0.25rem * var(--tw-space-b-reverse))
}

.space-i-1 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
  --tw-space-i-reverse: 0;
  margin-inline-start: calc(0.25rem * calc(1 - var(--tw-space-i-reverse)));
  margin-inline-end: calc(0.25rem * var(--tw-space-i-reverse))
}
```

### Flow-relative Offsets (`top` / `right` / `bottom` / `left`)

Utilities are generated for the `inset-block-start`, `inset-block-end`, `inset-inline-start`, and
`inset-inline-end` properties, as well as for the shorthand properties `inset-block` and `inset-inline`. These match
the values in your `inset` config object.

```css
.inset-block-0 { inset-block: 0; }
.inset-inline-0 { inset-inline: 0; }
.block-start-0 { inset-block-start: 0; }
.block-end-0 { inset-block-end: 0; }
.inline-start-0 { inset-inline-start: 0; }
.inline-end-0 { inset-inline-end: 0; }
```

### Flow-relative Border Widths

Utilities are generated for the `border-block-width`, `border-inline-width`, `border-block-start-width`,
`border-block-end-width`, `border-inline-start-width`, and `border-inline-end-width` properties. These match the values
in your `borderWidth` config object.

```css
.border-lb-2 { border-block-width: 2px; }
.border-li-2 { border-inline-width: 2px; }
.border-bs-2 { border-block-start-width: 2px; }
.border-be-2 { border-block-end-width: 2px; }
.border-is-2 { border-inline-start-width: 2px; }
.border-ie-2 { border-inline-end-width: 2px; }
```

### Flow-relative Border Colors

Utilities are generated for the `border-block-color`, `border-inline-color`, `border-block-start-color`,
`border-block-end-color`, `border-inline-start-color`, and `border-inline-end-color` properties. These match the values
in your `borderColor` config object.

```css
.border-lb-black { border-block-color: #000; }
.border-li-black { border-inline-color: #000; }
.border-bs-black { border-block-start-color: #000; }
.border-be-black { border-block-end-color: #000; }
.border-is-black { border-inline-start-color: #000; }
.border-ie-black { border-inline-end-color: #000; }
```

### Flow-relative Divide Width

Flow-relative utilities are generated for the Tailwind-specific
[Divide Width](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/divide-width). These match the values in your `divideWidth` config object.
All of the usual values plus `.divide-b`, `.divide-i`, `.divide-b-reverse` and `.divide-i-reverse` utilities are
generated.

```css
.divide-b-2 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
  --tw-divide-b-reverse: 0;
  border-block-start-width: calc(2px * calc(1 - var(--tw-divide-b-reverse)));
  border-block-end-width: calc(2px * var(--tw-divide-b-reverse))
}

.divide-i-2 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
  --tw-divide-i-reverse: 0;
  border-inline-start-width: calc(2px * calc(1 - var(--tw-divide-i-reverse)));
  border-inline-end-width: calc(2px * var(--tw-divide-i-reverse))
}
```

### Flow-relative Corner Rounding (`border-radius`)

Utility classes are generated for the `border-start-start-radius`, `border-start-end-radius`,
`border-end-start-radius`, and `border-end-end-radius` properties for rounding individual corners. There are also
shorthand utilities for rounding a side of an element. These match the values in your `borderRadius` config object.

```css
.rounded-bs-md {
  border-start-start-radius: 0.375rem;
  border-start-end-radius: 0.375rem;
}

.rounded-be-md {
  border-end-start-radius: 0.375rem;
  border-end-end-radius: 0.375rem;
}

.rounded-is-md {
  border-start-start-radius: 0.375rem;
  border-end-start-radius: 0.375rem;
}

.rounded-ie-md {
  border-start-end-radius: 0.375rem;
  border-end-end-radius: 0.375rem;
}

.rounded-ss-md { border-start-start-radius: 0.375rem; }
.rounded-se-md { border-start-end-radius: 0.375rem; }
.rounded-es-md { border-end-start-radius: 0.375rem; }
.rounded-ee-md { border-end-end-radius: 0.375rem; }
```

## What's Not Included

While everything in the [CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-logical-1/)
specification has been evaluated and most features are supported, this plugin does not generate utilities for
everything. If something does not have a non-logical equivalent in Tailwind's defaults, it is not supported.

* Logical Values for the `caption-side` property: Tailwind does not have `caption-side` utilities.
* Flow-relative Border Styles: Tailwind only has `border-style` utilities for all sides of an element at once.

As for other logical properties and values from outside of the main specification:

* Flow-relative Overflow properties `overflow-block` and `overflow-inline`: while Tailwind does support `overflow`,
  this plugin does not support `overflow-block` or `overflow-inline` yet, due to a lack of browser support and
  polyfills. As of December 2021,
  [only Firefox supports them](https://caniuse.com/mdn-css_properties_overflow-block), and as far as I can
  tell there are no polyfills available. (Neither postcss-preset-env nor postcss-logical apply any transformations on
  these properties.)

If there are any notable omissions that you think should be supported, please
[file an issue](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/issues) and let me know.

## Browser Compatibility

Browser support for CSS Logical Properties and Values has come a long way in 2021. Nearly all of the utilities provided
with this plugin now have widespread support across major browsers: Edge, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Safari for iOS, and
Chrome for Android included. Some exceptions are
[flow-relative `resize`](https://caniuse.com/mdn-css_properties_resize_flow_relative_support),
[flow-relative `float`](https://caniuse.com/mdn-css_properties_float_flow_relative_values), and
[flow-relative `overscroll-behavior`](https://caniuse.com/mdn-css_properties_overscroll-behavior-block), and none of
the logical properties and values are supported in Internet Explorer 11.

If some utilities don't seem to work correctly, be sure to check [Can I use...](https://caniuse.com/) to see if that
property or value is supported by your browser. Relevant Can I use... links for each set of utilities are included in
the [demo page](https://stevecochrane.github.io/tailwindcss-logical/).

If better browser support is required, you can use [PostCSS](https://postcss.org) to improve compatibility. Here are
two possible solutions:

1. [postcss-preset-env](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-preset-env) set to `stage: 2` or lower
2. [postcss-logical](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-logical) followed by
[postcss-dir-pseudo-class](https://github.com/jonathantneal/postcss-dir-pseudo-class)

If you take your output styles from Tailwind and run them through either of the above, your logical properties and
values will be converted to attribute selectors that any browser can understand.

```css
/* Default */
.float-start { float: inline-start; }

/* With postcss-preset-env, or postcss-logical and postcss-dir-pseudo-class applied */
[dir="ltr"] .float-start { float: left; }
[dir="rtl"] .float-start { float: right; }
```

This process is used for this project's
[demo page](https://stevecochrane.github.io/tailwindcss-logical/), and for a look at how
that is configured for PostCSS, check out the demo's
[postcss.config.js](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/blob/main/docs/postcss.config.js) file.

## Roadmap

At this point I consider this plugin feature complete, but I will continue to monitor official specifications, as well
as Tailwind itself, and update this plugin accordingly when anything changes.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute, pull requests are totally welcome, though I recommend starting by
[filing an issue](https://github.com/stevecochrane/tailwindcss-logical/issues).

1. Fork the project
2. Check out a feature branch (e.g. `git checkout -b feature-foo-bar`)
3. Commit changes (e.g. `git commit -am 'Add foo bar'`)
4. Push the branch (e.g. `git push origin feature-foo-bar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Contact

Steve Cochrane (steve@stevecochrane.com)
